Transmission
He congratulated you on your death.
Talk, talk.
My father and brother are the heads of sin.
This life is now tolerated by the rebels.
Infinite face to face.
I dare not care.
But not worthy of Your Majesty.
Even if the Vinh rebelled.
What about your innocent girl?
Put the money down.
Your Majesty, the Chinese people have a dilemma.
Talk.
Weakness
Later I will not let the Queen of Vinh carry forever the enchanted
Pay this extra.
Special Order
Let the sergeant
Clear the circumstances and origins of Queen Vinh.
That's okay.
These old things should also have been clear in history long ago.
I just found out now.
She walked into the Queen when she was young and looked like that.